Hey, good morning family! I'm excited to be with y'all today. I have some things on my heart.
First off, I want to say thank you for almost 100,000 subscribers.
We are 3,000 people away from hitting 100,000 subs and I just want to tell you all thank you from the bottom of my heart, and my family thanks you.
Thank you, thank you, God bless you all for supporting this channel and clicking the like button, the notifications, and making comments down below.
You are really truly getting the gospel spread throughout the world by doing this. We are reaching souls every single day.
I mean, we're getting somebody saved, somebody's getting touched by the power of God, and I just want to say thank you.
But if you could today, please click that notification bell, our little notification bell, and then click the like button. We appreciate you clicking that like button.
Click the subscribe button, and we just want to say thank you for helping us spread the word, spread the gospel, because every time you do it helps get us further in the YouTube algorithms.
I'm going to say this, and I'm not attacking any denomination or belief, okay?
But I was driving down the road and the Lord spoke to me. Like I do, I pray a lot when I'm driving.
I passed a Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, LDS.
I passed it; it was on my right, and instantaneously I started seeing in the spirit.
I saw a honey glow coming into that church and the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, I'm bringing a great revival into the LDS churches.'And he said, 'Brandon, there's going to be a separation from the doctrine of what they have believed.'Because I believe the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has an occult following to it, and I believe they're good people, so I don't want to offend anybody.
If you're Latter-day Saint and you're watching this, I'm not trying to offend you, but I'm trying to tell you some of your beliefs I personally believe are way off.
But the Lord said to me that he was going to bring a great revival in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and that there was going to be a changing of the tides.
That's a good way to say a changing of things, and that there would be a people break off that were already in that, and they would break off and there would be a great revival, a harvest of souls with some of these people.
Not saying every church is going to do this, but the Lord said, 'I'm going to personally visit people and there's going to be a great manifestation of my glory upon those people.'And he said, 'Brandon, I wish that none should perish but all come to repentance and to know me personally.'I'm telling you all, there's going to be a great move of God in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
I saw some correction, some bondages being broken off of people, and there's going to be some great liberty and some great spiritual freedom coming to some folks in that denomination of people.
Then another thing: the other night I was praying and the Lord opened my ears up in the spirit realm and I heard two angels talking.
It was a lot of personal things that were going on in my house, and I'm not going to go into a lot of that, but what inspired me to tell you all is part of what the angel said.
The two angels were talking; they were watching over my family and the Lord allowed me to hear the guardian angels.
They were having a conversation and one angel said to the other, 'What he does not know, and what he needs to know, is how important is his love walk.
Where is his love walk?'The things you'll be judged upon the most when you get to the other side, the things that the Lord is weighing most, is what did you do with love?
It was so important. I want you to understand this: the angels were talking and he said, 'What did you do with love, Brandon?'That's what the Lord's going to ask.
'Brandon, I wonder if he knows this yet.'It was amazing because I'm hearing this in the spirit and he said, 'What did he do with love? Where is his love walk?
How did he operate in love on the earth towards his wife and to his children and to those that are around him?'That was the most important thing that he would ever operate in.
When I heard the angel talking, I froze and I just got quiet and I thought about what the angel was saying. 'What did he do with love?
What did he do with love?'I woke up the next day and I told my wife, 'Hey honey, this is what I heard two angels talking about last night.'And she said, 'Brandon, my favorite passage of scripture even growing up as a teenager was 1 Corinthians 13.'It goes through the love chapter.
It's beautiful. My wife's talking right now, you can hear she's talking about how this is her favorite; she read it over and over again.
Because she would always ask as a teenager, 'What does it take to be a good Christian?
What does it take to be a person that is walking with Jesus?'And the Lord spoke to my wife and he told her, 'Somebody that walks in love and operates in the full measure of love as a Christian.'So if you look at 1 Corinthians 13 and you go through it—come sit by me—1 Corinthians 13: 'Love is not bragging.'This is Diana again, you all know.
It goes through there and talks about love and all the things that love is.
Love is not bragging, it does not boast, it does not take account of a suffered wrong, it does all things.
It's beautiful, everything that it's saying in 1 Corinthians 13. I've read it over and over again.
My attempt is to memorize the whole chapter because when I heard the angel, I realized nothing else will really matter.
The thing that will matter the most is what did you do with love?
How did you love your wife? How did you love your children? How did you treat them in love?
Did you honor them? Did you treat them with respect? Did you do 1 Corinthians 13?
I wept the next morning because I'm not always the nicest person.
I'm cranky a lot—cranky to her, cranky to the kids sometimes, just with the pressures of life.
I'm not giving an excuse for it, but I'm just telling you all, it's just real.
What did you do with love? When I heard the angel say that, it pierced me.
It still pierces me because I think about how I lack so much in that.
Nothing else matters: prophecy, just like she was talking about, the gifts of the spirit, faith, hope, and love.
But the greatest of these is love. There's more to this; it says God is love.
So whenever the angel was saying that, 'What did he do with love?
Does he know what he's going to be asked? What did he do with love on the earth?
How did he treat other people?'Not how did they treat you and how you respond; you respond in love. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
When people do you wrong, love is not jealous, it is not envious, it doesn't brag, it's not boastful.
So I'm going to have Diana read 1 Corinthians 13, because the bottom line is, if we're not practicing this right here—prophecy, any of this stuff—it doesn't matter if we are not walking in the love of God with people, treating people with respect, honoring them, doing this verse that she's fixing to read to you.
'Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I have become sounding brass or a clanging cymbal.
And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, but have not love, it profits me nothing.
Love suffers long and is kind; love does not envy; love does not parade itself, it is not puffed up; does not behave rudely, does not seek its own, is not provoked, thinks no evil; does not rejoice in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Love never fails. But whether there are prophecies, they will fail; whether there are tongues, they will cease; whether there is knowledge, it will vanish away.
For we know in part and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect has come, then that which is in part will be done away.
When I was a child, I spoke as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child; but when I became a man, I put away childish things.
For now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then I shall know just as I also am known.
And now abide faith, hope, love, these three; but the greatest of these is love.'It's the most important: love.
But it's not has nothing to do with prophecy as much as it's about walking in love.
Faith works by love, and perfect love casteth out all fear, for fear has torment, and he that is in fear is not made perfect in love.
I believe that's 1 John. I was just shaking after hearing that because I realize that I haven't been there.
'There is no fear in love; but perfect love casts out fear, because fear involves torment. But he who fears has not been made perfect in love.
We love him because he first loved us.'So that's another amazing thing: people walking in fear, walking in torment.
Being perfect in love. My Father loves me, my Father died for me, he loves me, he abides in me, and I refuse to fear.
Perfect love casts out all fear. But I'm just saying, I look at the love scriptures, I'm looking at them and I'm meditating on them.
I'm hungry for it and if this is what I'm going to do for 2024, it is meditate on love and get that down inside of me.
Being rooted and grounded in love, being rooted and grounded in the word, getting that inside of me so that I am stable in this.
Because everything else, just like you just heard, doesn't matter; it will all fade away.
But just like he said, the thing you'll be most judged upon is how was your love?
What did you do with your love walk? That's what he's looking for.
And so you can think about all these other things, the giftings and all this other stuff, but you're missing it if you do, because all the other stuff doesn't matter until you get the love walk down.
I'm just being real with y'all: I've missed it. I've missed it a lot with love, letting love be perfect in my life because I'm always thinking, 'Well, this is not as important,'you know?
'I'm just going to get this through, I'm going to be like a bulldozer.'But I just wanted to tell you all that today, what I had with that encounter with that angel.
And I wanted to tell you all about the Jehovah's Witnesses church that God's going to do something huge with those people.
Like I said, I believe they're occultic, there's some stuff going on there, and God's going to set them free and God has a plan for them.
And you know, that may sound harsh and you say, 'Well, that's not walking in love.'No, love corrects, love tells the truth.
And I'm telling you, God's going to do some things. And if you go back and study your roots—how did your faith start?
What did they teach you all? Go back to Joseph, I believe is what it was, and the things that happened, how the beginning of your faith started.
If I'm correct—you know, most say, 'Well, you're way off'—I really believe there's some stuff back what I'm talking about, how it all started.
Go back clear back to where it was in Missouri and study it out.
Study Missouri and see what some of the founding fathers of your faith said. But that's what I had for you all today on this video.
I really want you to understand that love is important and that we walk in love with people.
We're going to pray and believe God for supernatural things to take place in your life today.
Father, we just thank you right now in the name of Jesus that you have a plan for every single person that is listening to this video.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said ask and it shall be done.
And I thank you, Father, right now, we ask in your Son's name: healing belongs to your children. It is the children's bread.
And I believe with all my heart, as a covenant heir with you, Lord, that you said by your stripes we are healed.
We don't have to have sickness and disease in our lives anymore, from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
From the greatest of things that we're believing for all the way down to maybe a toenail that might be hurt, you paid the price for us that we don't have to have sickness and disease in our bodies, from cancers to diabetes to heart disease to whatever.
It does not matter. You said in Galatians, 'Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law,'and the curse of the law is Deuteronomy 28.
Father, the whole bottom of the chapter, Deuteronomy 28, all those curses will come upon thee—we're redeemed from it.
We don't have to have it. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're redeemed from the curse of the law. You paid the price for us to walk in divine health.
And I believe I receive right now in the name of Jesus, from the top of my head to the soles of my feet, healing and wholeness and deliverance in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that every single person that is represented here watching this, that they're touched.
Everything they need—nothing's too big for you, Lord, and nothing's too small.
You love us. Even every cell, every fiber, every hair on our head, you know it and you love us.
And thank you, Lord, that you paid the price for us to walk in divine health.
We thank you, Lord, that you delivered us from sickness and disease.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that you also delivered us from mental torment.
Just like you said, fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
And Father, today, I thank you, Lord, we meditate on the love of God. We meditate on the love today. Faith works by love.
And we thank you, Lord, that we renew our minds with the word of God today and we rebuke torment.
Fear is torment. We rebuke that torment in the name of Jesus. Love covers that. Love covers it.
And we thank you, Lord, that healing flows on the inside of us.
Thank you, Lord, that deliverance comes to those that are bound by demonic spirits.
Thank you, Lord, that they're free, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And we thank you, Lord, for setting those people free right now in Jesus'name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're redeemed and set free by the blood of the Lamb.
And we thank you, Lord, for it. We call prosperity upon them, that they're not struggling financially.
We call blessing and increase of multiplication and favor over their finances, increase over their hands, increase over their houses in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that you've delivered them from financial bondage, financial lack, financial 'not enough'and barely getting by.
We thank you, Lord, they have more than enough, Father, to be able to do things and be able to help other people around them.
Not just to hoard upon themselves, but to be a funnel that the blessing and the anointing to prosper flows on through them to be a blessing for their children's children's children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blessing of the Lord is on their home right now in Jesus'name. And we thank you for it, Lord.
We call their marriages restored, we call their marriages blessed, we call their children blessed.
And we call them home if they are wayward; we call them delivered and set free from drug addictions, from pornography addictions, to sickness and disease.
Their children are delivered in Jesus'name, and we thank you, Father, for it right now in Jesus'name.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise. Diana and I, we believe this.
We believe it, and we call these people delivered, every single one.
We just want to say thank you for the gifts, for the blessings, for being kind to my family.
We pray for you daily, we pray for your families, we pray for restoration in your homes.
For Joyce, for her new kidneys—I pray for Joyce. Joyce has new kidneys, she asked for kidneys all the time.
God, I thank you, Lord, for the manifestation for Joyce, that she has brand new kidneys in the name of Jesus.
We call this woman healed; we call her whole and healed and well.
Joyce has new kidneys in the name of Jesus. We call her healed and whole.
Joyce, I know you're believing for this, and I believe with you.
Diana and I believe in creative miracles, that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And today is Joyce's day. She's going to get her healing today.
We call it done. No more torment of these kidney problems. Father, I thank you, Lord, for that.
Everything that she needs, she is whole from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.
Joyce is healed. Joyce is whole in Jesus'name. Father, we give you praise for it right now.
Rise and be whole, rise and be healed, Joyce. Today is your day for your miracle. I believe that with you, that today is your miracle day.
Father, I thank you, Lord, wherever everybody else is believing on this, Father, for manifestations and demonstrations of your glory. And we believe it. We believe it.
It's time for the outpouring of healings on your body, that we are the salt of the earth and people see us and they go, 'Look at them, there's something different about them.
We want to be like the Jesus in them,'because we're shining like Jesus.
So that's what we have for you today. We just believe for you.
We believe for your manifestations. Diana and I are believing for you.
We love you, we pray for you, and we just say put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you next time.
You all have a wonderful day today, be blessed, and have a great one. Bye-bye.